README.md, before:

Mission Control
========

## Welcome

This is the new repo for GOA. Please take off your shoes and make yourself at home xxx

## To Do

| Item | Remarks | Due |
|:-----|:--------|----:|
| Fix variable names. | [Issue](https://github.com/mwuk/fly-hard/issues/2) | __March 1st__ |
| Add in a second airport. | [Milestone](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/issues?milestone=2&page=1&sort=created&state=open) | Mid-March |
| Make the game multiplayer-enabled. | [Milestone](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/issues?direction=asc&milestone=3&page=1&sort=created&state=open)| Mid-April |
| Add the ability to transfer control of a plane. | [Issue](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/issues/5) | Late-April |
| Make the thing resize. | _Might have an alternative solution_ | _Whenever_ |

### Roles & Responsibilities

_These are not final/rigid. Any issues, update/query as you wish :D_

| Member | Duty | File/Source |
|:-------|:----:|:------------|
| [Wanderlust](http://github.com/a-random-oracle) | Making as many changes as is possible so as to achieve the false sense of importance. | __Various__ |
| [Mint Choc-Chip](http://github.com/RMCKirby) | Variables | [`scn*`](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/tree/master/BTC/src/scn) |
| [mwuk](http://github.com/MWUK) | Variables | [`Score.java`](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/blob/master/BTC/src/cls/Score.java)✔, [`Aircraft.java`](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/blob/master/BTC/src/cls/Aircraft.java)✔, and  [`Airport.java`](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/blob/master/BTC/src/cls/Airport.java)✔ |
| [Jaron](http://github.com/JaronAli) | Pondering Life/Variables | _Life_ and [`Waypoint.java`](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/blob/master/BTC/src/cls/Waypoint.java)✔ |
| Emily | Creating an Account | [GitHub](http://github.com/join) |
| Such Hopkins | Creating an Account | [GitHub](http://github.com/join) |
| [Jon](http://github.com/Lixquid) | N/A | N/A |

## Notes

* `.classpath`s might be a little weird. Check yourself before you wreck yourself.
* camelCase is ongoing.
* Ladbrokes has odds on 2/1 for the new requirement being 3D rendering, 3/2 on it being missions, 12/1 on procedural generation, and 19/4 on GTA-style bonus game whereby you can get out of your plane and roam a 3D airport.

Commit message:

Updated allocations table in README

README.md, after:

Mission Control
========

## Notices

* Meeting __2014/02/25 14:30GMT__
* Please declare what classes you're working on, for the benefit of others who might be working concurrently, so as to avoid conflicts.
 * Preferably via the table at the bottom.
 * Or by messaging [Mark](http://github.com/MWUK) who'll update the table on your behalf.
* Any issues with the Tasks table, change (if it is independent of others), or raise on Facebook/with dependent individual directly.

## To Do

| Item | Remarks | Due |
|:-----|:--------|----:|
| Fix variable names. | [Issue](https://github.com/mwuk/fly-hard/issues/2) | __March 1st__ |
| Add in a second airport. | [Milestone](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/issues?milestone=2&page=1&sort=created&state=open) | Mid-March |
| Make the game multiplayer-enabled. | [Milestone](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/issues?direction=asc&milestone=3&page=1&sort=created&state=open)| Mid-April |
| Add the ability to transfer control of a plane. | [Issue](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/issues/5) | Late-April |
| Make the thing resize. | _Requires discussion_ | _Whenever_ |

### Individual Tasks, Roles, Responsibilities, and other information of note.

_These are not final/rigid. Any issues, update/query as you wish :D_

| Member | Tasks | File/Source |
|:-------|:----:|:------------|
| [Wanderlust](http://github.com/a-random-oracle) | Fixing resizing and resenting everyone. | __Nothing declared__ |
| [Mint Choc-Chip](http://github.com/RMCKirby) | Fixing and Extending | [`graphics.java`](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/blob/master/BTC/src/lib/jog/graphics.java) and [`scn*`](https://github.com/MWUK/Fly-Hard/tree/master/BTC/src/scn) |
| [mwuk](http://github.com/MWUK) | Administrative Thingamabobs | _None_ |
| [Jaron](http://github.com/JaronAli) | Idle | _Life_ |
| Emily | Creating an Account | [GitHub](http://github.com/join) |
| Such Hopkins | Creating an Account | [GitHub](http://github.com/join) |
| [Jon](http://github.com/Lixquid) | Idle | _None_ |

## Notes

* `.classpath`s might be a little weird. Check yourself before you wreck yourself.
* camelCase is ongoing.
* Ladbrokes has odds on 2/1 for the new requirement being 3D rendering, 3/2 on it being missions, 12/1 on procedural generation, and 19/4 on GTA-style bonus game whereby you can get out of your plane and roam a 3D airport.
