# Tim Time 28/03/14

Everyone besides Jon and Sam Hopkins met with Tim on Friday 28 February to discuss a number of things. What was said was:

## Positives

* _Tetis Battle_ plane transfer was well-received, but ultimately discounted in favour of plane-transfer power-up.
* Power-ups were loved.
* Coloured planes were deemed a good differentiator.
* Idea of a [flight strip](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flight_progress_strip) stack in sidebars was produced.
* Both players' bars shown simultaneously (building on Tetris Battle style, lines/strips imply scale of tasks).
* Networking preferred.
 * Only one multiplayer implementation required.
* New graphics would be nice.
* 2 airports
 * Planes land at either, one player controls departures for one airport.
 * Complete ownership is not the way to go.
* MQVs score is to go.


### Sidebar

* Sidebar/flight strip contain details such as:
 * Flight number/name
 * Destination
 * Waypoint count
* Sidebar intended to replace bottom bar.
 
### Power-ups

* Power-ups would seem the way to go.
* Activated by flying through waypoints containing them.
* Fairly distributed between players.
 * Track player skill/position.
 * Spawn so that either player can claim, but potentially favour trailing player.
* Have beneficial and penalty power-ups.
* Some ideas produced were:
 * Transfer plane.
   * Must balance to ensure it's a grey area of benefit/drawback.
 * Forcing planes to take off.
 * Bermuda triangle.
 * Change destination airport

## Negatives

* _Tim hates green and black,_ and the font is tiny.
* The shop is shit.
* Fuck bears.

## Misc

* Collisions decrement both lives and score, but must be balanced to ensure rage-win cannot occur.
* Additional waypoints? idk
* 
